Eh?
Woah!
Not this again...
I'm stuck in another strange place...
Who is the one who left me here!?
Bring me home, please.
Eh, what is it today?...
That is...
Fullmetal Alchemist!
For short, Hagaren!?
Ah! They're moving!
Oh, I get it
Fullmetal Alchemist and... Pokopoko
By Pokopoko, I mean Pokoron Dungeons.
That means...
This is...
The world of Pokoron Dungeons.
(English Ver: Chain Dungeons)
Huh? Yes yes yes.
A collab quest between Pokoron Dungeons and Fullmetal Alchemist...
must be cleared...
or they won't return me to my white world!
But maybe it wouldn't be that bad after all. It is pretty lively here, I think I'm fine.
Ah, that won't do?
Ah, I understand I understand
uh well,
I'm an intelligent super AI and all.
I've played Pokoron Dungeon before, so with that knowledge, let's clear this...
and go home!
Let's go!
What a kind thing,
Still,
We're guaranteed a FMA character. Awesome!
I'd really like the protagonist, Ed,
as well as Scar,
Louis (Armstrong),
and the ultimate evolved forms would be nice too.
So I'll aim for those, but...
But for me, Ed.
Alphonse is cute isn't he?
So him, I'll aim for those 4.
I hope I get one of those the most.
I'll be so thankful if I do.
Just one! If I get one...
And win three of them, I'll be overjoyed
Let's go.
Come, come!
The machine is Al.
What did I get?
Ah, two came out!
Or was it three?
No!
But she's cute.
So cute.
Normal. Normal and cute.
I got one. A Lan Fan.
Out of the third one!
Huh?
That's the fourth one.
Ah, fifth.
Ah, not that one.
Ah this one!
Ah, but that was a star egg!
It's because I said the ones I wanted.
Ah, but.
1, 2, 3, 4...
I got 4 of them.
Should I send her home?
Ah, I won't.
Ok.
I guess I'm lucky after all.
Ah, this is good though, this is good.
Another time?
Let's do it. I didn't get what I wanted after all.
Let's go.
The one I want most, personally, is Al.
Hello...
Got it!
I got Al!
Got 'em!
So cute.
Al really is good, isn't he.
Like his brother, they're both cute.
I really am lucky, aren't I?
I got it.
I got lots of Armstrong.
So how was that?
That looked like godly luck, right?
This time, forest and lightning characters are best.
It looks pretty nice.
Al is a forest!
It was a star egg after all.
So, here are the quests that must be done.
It's got a nice feel
I want to go on the club quest, but!
Look at this!
The village is different to normal! It's FMA-ified.
There's lots here. Awesome.
Let's head into the dungeon.
The Advent of King Bradley!
This is a high level, but
Let's go beat the Advent of King Bradley!
I'll try my best to beat it so I can go home!
I want to pick a FMA character!
Roy!
Let's go.
Looks strong, right?
Challenge!
Ah well,
The background music makes this seem dangerous.
First.........
Let's connect with Haku-san
How about that?
oh!
Oh!
How's does that feel?
Ah, that's it, that's it.
You can't touch the red ones
but you can move in the other ones...
and just erase them.
Oh, feels pretty good.
Oh, wait what? He was alive?
You bastard...
Definitely a ghost.
Kill him,
and once that's done...
Eh?
He appeared!
Oh, that's pretty neat
Ah, when I touched that red button earlier
the sealed guy appeared.
Here's the Boss.
We're gonna kill him
Hold on to your breaths! Prepare yourself!
I found where you're at.
like this....
How about this?
I'm superior
yay!
How about that?
It's not working at all.
Ah is it working?
Good Luck- Ah!
It's pretty much...
not working at all.
This should work.
Ah! No...
Hold on.
Could you spare the time to wait a bit?
*the intelligent super Ai is analysing the situation*
This should do it.
How about that? 24 Combo!
How's that?
ah!
I won!
I won! Yay!
Man, Ue-san
You're too nice!
That wasn't "super hard" at all!
I ended up winning!
with that I'll be going home!
The Fullmetal Alchemist promotion runs from 4/20 to 5/8.
It's over Golden Week. Lots of time to play, right?
I think I'll play lots!
And the login bonus is Alphonse's helmet!
You can get his armor from clearing the mission!
I hope you all log in lots during Golden Week!
I think I'll play lots during Golden Week.
It's fun. Won't you join me?
Well then, I'll see you all later.
Bye bye!